Configuring Cloudsmith as a private registry (#34816)
github/docs: content/code-security/dependabot/working-with-dependabot/guidance-for-the-configuration-of-private-registries-for-dependabot.md

You can check whether the private registry is successfully accessed by looking at the {% data variables.product.prodname_dependabot %} logs.

### Cloudsmith

> For information about Cloudsmith and instructions on how to configure {% data variables.product.prodname_dependabot %} to work with Cloudsmith, see [Getting Started with Cloudsmith](https://help.cloudsmith.io/docs/welcome-to-cloudsmith-docs) and [Integrate Github Dependabot with Cloudsmith](https://help.cloudsmith.io/docs/dependabot), respectively.

Reviewer: Minor edits so that this follows our content model. 
```suggestion
For information about Cloudsmith and instructions on how to configure {% data variables.product.prodname_dependabot %} to work with Cloudsmith, see [Getting Started with Cloudsmith](https://help.cloudsmith.io/docs/welcome-to-cloudsmith-docs) and [Integrate Github Dependabot with Cloudsmith](https://help.cloudsmith.io/docs/dependabot) in the Cloudsmith documentation.
```
